Update cheatsheets (#700)
AlexsLemonade/training-modules: README.md

- [Intro to R tidyverse cheatsheet](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/module-cheatsheets/intro-to-R-tidyverse-cheatsheet.md)
- [RNA seq cheatsheet](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/module-cheatsheets/RNA-seq-cheatsheet.md)
- [scRNA-seq cheatsheet](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/module-cheatsheets/scRNA-seq-cheatsheet.md)
- [Advanced scRNA-seq cheatsheet](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/module-cheatsheets/scRNA-seq-advanced-cheatsheet.md)

> - [`SCE` and `Seurat` objects cheatsheet](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/module-cheatsheets/SCE-Seurat-cheatsheet.md)

Reviewer: I think maybe something a bit more generic? This would give us space to add in the `scverse` content later.
```suggestion
- [Converting to/from `SCE` objects cheatsheet](https://github.com/AlexsLemonade/training-modules/blob/master/module-cheatsheets/SCE-Seurat-cheatsheet.md)
```
